So, who's got the power
in this city?
The Falcones?
Sofia's the last of them.
She don't even like
her fucking name.
Maronis?
Sure, Sal's out of Blackgate,
but his family's
still fucking ash.
So, who's got the power, huh?
That's what
the streets are asking.
But down here,
we know.
We started with two buckets,
two fuckin' buckets. That's it.
And now, it's grown
into an underground empire.
Cookin' and sellin' Bliss
under our label.
You know how many boroughs
there are in Gotham?
Each one run
by a different crew.
All of them looking
for a way to get theirs.
The more drugs we smuggle,
the more cash we bring in.
That's food on the table
and clothes
on your backs, fellas.
And look, this ain't the game
you're used to.
I get it.
You won't see any trouble.
As long as your mouths
stay shut, you understand?
Silence is golden,
loose lips, and all that shit.
Remember, if somebody asks you
where you got this cash...
-I say construction.
-Construction.
We're all in construction.
He has returned.
Well, what did Donny Boy say?
He's stoked.
Sullivans moving our product
or what?
Said they could sell Bliss
as fast as we can make it.
Fuckin' right, they can.
Show me what you got.
Kid, kid, not bad.
Make a businessman
out of you yet.
If we can get
a couple more gangs onboard,
we're fuckin' set.
Check this out.
We finally got the line cleared
to Burnley, right?
Means we can supply
the Massive now, too.
-Oh, that's awesome.
-Look. Boom, boom, boom.
But there's a lot bad blood
between them
and the Odessa Mob, right?
All these gangs
fucking hate each other.
So we gotta make sure
that nobody advertises
that we're...
you know, we're dating around.
All right?
Fuck this.
Jesus Christ!
Anyway, Bruno's got Odessa.
I got Nick taking care
of the LoBoys.
I even got Link.
He's hitting me up,
saying Zhao
might wanna play ball
now he sees all the money
we got coming in.
-Oh, really?
-Yeah, greedy fuck.
But the Triads,
they got the connects
to take our operation
international.
It's a whole different sport.
That's where all the money's at.
Hey, Zeke. Zeke!
Where are we at with the power?
Gennies ain't gonna
hold us much longer.
I'm working on it, boss.
But City Hall's rationing
electricity,
sending it all
to the rich neighborhoods.
Of course they are,
fucking pricks!
All right, just keep trying.
Good, fellas?
Oz, uh...
-When I made that drop...
-Yeah?
...someone had eyes on
the Sullivans.
-Whaddya mean?
-Think it was probably one of...
S-Sal or Sofia's guys.
-Yeah?
-He tried to follow me.
-He see you go underground?
-No. No.
-You sure?
-Positive.
All right. As long
as we stay sharp
and duck 'em in the tunnels,
these Maroni-Gigante-
Whatever-the-Fucks
can sniff around all they want.
They're so busy
with their noses up,
they'll never think
to look down.
But you and me...
Look around.
Look at what we got, kid.
The good people of Crown Point
hard at work, right?
Protecting us.
Keeping this whole fucking thing
quiet.
We got their loyalty.
And we got their love.
You know why?
'Cause we pay 'em.
You know how meaningful
that is, Vic?
To be the guy
in the neighborhood
who takes care of people?
They're gonna tell stories
about us one day, kid.
You think?
I fuckin' know it.
Victor Aguilar.
Oswald Cobb.
Yeah.
Our names
are gonna live forever.
You're doing it again.
You're scrutinizing.
I'm admiring you.
Are you hurt?
I deserve it.
Bored with me already?
I have work.
When you find Oz,
feel free to take advantage
of my expertise.
Dom will see you out.
You know, fugitives really
shouldn't leave their rooms.
I can't believe you opened that.
What? It was just
gathering dust.
Just like your father.
Do you want this chopped?
Sure.
Leo spotted Oz's driver
delivering product
in Sullivan territory.
And lost him.
Said he disappeared.
Just like the others.
Oz is a fucking weed.
He likes the spotlight too much
to stay hidden.
Don't use those.
These are better.
I wouldn't have pegged you
as a cook.
Well...
Nadia showed me
her family recipes.
So I could pass 'em down.
This is...
khoresh bademjan.
Eggplant, tomatoes,
a little meat.
Taj...
liked yogurt on his.
Mangia.
Taj was right.
It is very good with the yogurt.
"Taj was right."
Okay.
So the weed...
The weed is sneaking around
the city
without protection.
He's supplying the street
with your drug.
And no one's talking.
If he gets more local gangs
on his side--
No.
He needs the Triads
to make waves,
and they made a deal with me,
not Oz.
Sofia, people buy
from whoever's selling.
Oz got that tip from Carmine.
Yeah.
Stings, don't it?
Well, then I think that we just
have to make it very clear
that playing with Oz
comes at a cost.
The fuck?
Oswald?
The fuckin' heat's off.
Yeah, Oz, power's out.
-All right, I heard ya.
-My hands are freezing.
Still smells fucking great,
though, huh?
-Take a look.
-Cooked enough.
Kinda reminds me
of Paulie's Diner.
Don't it, Ma?
If you're gonna keep me
cooped up in here
like a goddamned POW,
the least you could do
is let me listen to my music.
Thank you, sweetheart.
You're a good boy.
Ma.
Yeah, well, Ma, we ain't gonna
be here much longer,
not with all the cash
we got coming in.
Ain't that right, Vic?
-Vic!
-Oh, oh, yeah, yeah.
Yeah. Big money.
Yeah. Good stuff.
Ma, eat something. Come on.
You gotta keep your strength up.
A little bit of food.
Paulie's Diner, huh?
Sticky, plastic menus.
-Yeah.
You remember. Yeah.
They... They... They...
-She ain't lyin'.
-They...
So, listen, the local guys
you brought in,
they're solid, they're tough.
Anyone new,
they gotta have little hands.
Did you say "little hands"?
No, I'm fuckin' serious.
I mean, we can't have
all these fat fingers
packing up our product.
-Takes them twice as long.
-Okay. I got you.
For Christ's sake, when are you
gonna do something, huh?
Like it or not,
they're your boys.
-They're fuckin' freezin'.
-Ma, what are you talkin' about?
No! No! If you can't get
the heat back on,
I'll go to Rex.
He'll get it done.
Ma, hey. You're confused.
It's all right.
Hey, you're just confused.
I ain't Dad. All right?
Just snap out of it. Come on.
Hey, you don't have to worry
about that, Francis, okay?
-'Cause Jack...
-Jack?
Jack went to pay the bill
downtown.
-What are you doing?
-So that's all settled, okay?
Electricity, that's gonna be
back on soon.
Jack's downtown?
This whole time...
-He's gonna get it figured out.
-...Jack's downtown.
Stop it. You're making it worse.
-I'm sorry. I thought--
-Hey, no, no.
You don't talk about my brother.
You ain't got no right,
you understand?
Okay. Ma. Ma, look at me.
Hey, Ma, look at me.
I'm Oswald.
I ain't Dad, all right?
Jack and Rex, none of them
are here no more.
It's just you and me.
-You got it?
-Yes.
-Link?
-Oz.
What's good? Mr. Zhao ready
to put in or what?
Answer the phone, why don't ya?
Link.
-Oswald.
-Huh?
I know what's going on.
Slow down. What the hell
you talking about?
I'll take care of my music.
Hey, pull up the news.
Link, come on.
You clean this shit up.
I'll take care of myself. Watch.
Nah, it can't be that bad.
Fuck!
Triads are out.
Shit!
Three bodies
have been found hanging.
That's Sullivan territory.
All appear to be young men,
each of them
with a severed finger.
The hanging and the pinky?
Jesus, Sofia,
pick a fucking lane.
Why these guys?
They're just the corner boys.
It's a warning shot.
Fuckin' Mork and Mindy
are flexing.
It means anyone caught
with our product gets it.
...string of murders
comes on the heels
of the escape of Salvatore...
None of those
lightweight assholes
have the balls
or the muscle to fight back.
...gas leak that left
many prominent members
of the Falcone Family dead.
This close to a deal
with the Triads.
Now, I couldn't give Bliss away
if I fucking tried.
Unless...
What if I did?
What if you what?
What if I gave it the fuck away?
Hey, everybody, listen up.
I don't want anybody
to be shy tonight.
You drop the product
in any diner, any bar,
any fuckin' restaurant,
gas station.
I don't give a fuck.
Anybody who wants it gets it.
You understand? Anybody.
-Yeah, got it.
-These gangs, they've gotta know
that Bliss is in their hood
whether they fuckin' like it
or not.
Look, Sal, Sofia know my crew.
They ain't lookin' for you guys.
But we don't take
anyone's money?
Nah. That's the beauty of it,
Richie.
It ain't about the money,
not tonight, anyway.
We're creating demand.
Gonna give every motherfucker
in this city a free taste.
All right, no more
standing around! Come on!
Let's go! Let's go!
Gotta get this shit
on the streets.
Hey, yo, Victor.
What's good, man?
Where you been?
Hey, Squid, what's up?
Figured you had either bounced
or died.
What are you doing
back in the Point?
Run out of gas or something?
Yeah, yeah. Uh-huh.
Damn! You a sneakerhead now,
Victor?
Nah, nah. These are...
These are just B-grade.
B-grade? Come on, man.
Don't do me like that.
We go back, right?
Come on. You think
I can't see that shit?
Yo, where you gettin'
your money from, Victor?
'Cause other people in the Point
are flush with cash too,
but not from Drops.
That shit dried up.
So what is it?
Squid, I'm not a part
of any drug--
What? Huh?
Squid, I-I don't know
what you're talking about, man.
Oh, come on, man.
Don't fuckin' bullshit me, man.
What about that old lady
I saw you with
up by Calvin's the other night?
What's good with her?
I haven't seen her in a while.
Maybe I'll go lookin' for her.
Is that what you want?
Look, I'm offerin' you
my services, Victor.
You want me on your side, right?
So, go tell your people
I want in,
and let's get
this motherfuckin' money.
We cool?
Yo, welcome back to the hood,
baby!
Let's get this money, Victor!
Damn it!
We gotta find
someone he cares about.
He doesn't.
It's his greatest asset.
I know.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Who are they?
His brothers.
They died young.
His mother is dead, too.
I never heard much
about his father.
So he's got nothing.
He takes everything from me,
and he's got nothing!
Nothing!
Practice your swing.
Shit.
Hey, Ma.
Ma, you hungry?
Oswald!
-Ma, you all right?
-Help!
Don't look at me!
Don't look at me! Don't look!
Jesus, Ma!
Ah, don't look at me!
Ma, what happened?
-Just get me outta here.
-Come here.
You all right? Ma.
Ma, the water's
fucking freezing.
How long you been in here?
Come on. Come on. There you go.
Up, up, up, up.
There you go.
All right.
Jesus Christ!
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
-Wait, wait, wait.
-Quick.
We been at it all night.
I shoulda checked on ya.
I'm sorry.
All right.
Okay, this leg. One leg.
There you go. There you go.
There you go.
All right, let's go.
Slow, slow, slow, slow, slow.
All right. Come on. You got it.
There you go.
Come on.
Please... I can't...
-I can't do this.
-You're all right.
Oswald, I can't do this.
-I can't do this.
-Ma, listen to me.
You're gonna be all right.
We just gotta--
We just gotta get you warmed up.
That's all.
This thing I got,
it's a goddamn dirty thief.
Just keeps taking.
I can't do numbers no more.
I'm seeing things
that ain't real.
The boys...
Sometimes, I see 'em.
They look at me
like, like I ain't theirs.
It breaks my goddamn heart.
I know, Ma.
I ain't gonna live
like a goddamn vegetable.
I just ain't gonna do it.
You understand?
Yeah.
No. What do you mean?
If my mind goes
before my body's ready,
I need you to help me.
You gotta help me die.
Help you die?
Jesus, Ma,
you ain't thinkin' straight.
For now, I am.
I won't be one
of those pathetic old broads,
droolin', shittin' themselves,
starin' out at nothin'
with no clue what's going on,
knowing just enough
to make it worse.
If I lose my dignity,
what else I got, huh?
-I can't do it.
-Sure, you can.
Look at me, sweetheart.
Oh, you'll be all right.
I know you will.
You're my brave boy.
But you ain't a fuckin' dog.
You're my ma. I mean...
You're asking me
to do something...
-It ain't natural.
-No!
No! Don't you pussy out
on me, Oswald.
I swear to God.
I have given you everything.
Yeah, you have.
Say you'll do it. And mean it.
'Cause you love me.
Say it.
All right.
I'll do it.
Good.
All right?
Come on, let's get you dressed.
Come on.
On the count of three, okay?
-One, two, three.
-Three.
Oswald.
You look gorgeous, Ma.
Powerful.
Like Gilda.
Hey.
Rest of the drops went smooth.
Bliss is all over the streets.
You, uh, h-hear anything yet?
Nah.
There's something...
We maybe got a... problem.
There's this guy
f-f-from the neighborhood.
Everybody calls him Squid.
He's the guy
that I boosted your rims for.
Well, look, I th-thought
I could avoid him, but...
he's on me.
A-asking questions
about us, and...
I don't think he's gonna stop.
This fuckin' thing.
It's cold in here, right?
It's too fuckin' cold for Ma.
You know, they don't even know
what she's got.
First, it was Parkinson's.
Then Alzheimer's.
And now, they're talking
about some fuckin' thing
called Lewy body.
What the fuck is that, huh?
You know,
all these fuckin' geniuses,
they got the diplomas
and machines.
They don't even fuckin' know.
How am I supposed to protect her
from something like that?
Y-you're doing
the best you can, though.
She knows that.
It's a good thing
that she's here with you.
What you were saying before...
We got a problem?
No.
No, no. I'm good.
-You sure?
-Yep.
Look at that.
City Hall shinin' bright.
Keep an eye out.
All right?
Mm-hmm.
Her name's Eve.
-Sorry. Never seen her.
-No.
You sure about that?
Never seen the bitch.
You're a real buzzkill
around here, you know?
Roxy.
We met at Apex.
Doubt you remember.
But I might be able to help.
For the right price.
Appreciate your time,
Councilman.
Anything for the GCPD.
These days especially,
we need to look out
for one another.
See you next week.
Good night, guys.
Come on! Who is this asshole?
Clunker.
Councilman Hady.
Carmine's guy.
I wrote you a note, you know.
You never responded.
You don't wanna be pals with me?
Kinda, you know,
hurts my feelings.
Listen, I paid off my debts.
Yeah, yeah. To Carmine.
Not to me.
Okay.
"Okay"? What,
you think I don't matter?
That it?
Then you don't mind too much
if I introduce myself
to some of your crooked friends?
-Huh? Huh?
-Hey.
Come here. Come here.
-Come here.
-Stop! Stop!
Or maybe I just talk
to the Gazette?
I bet they'd love to see
how you paid your gambling debts
with city funds.
You think you can just raw dog
the people of Gotham
with an invisible dick? That it?
Shit! Shit! What do you want?
I want you to do
your fuckin' job.
That's what I fuckin' want.
City's diverting power
from Crown Point.
Families are living in the dark.
They're freezing.
Meanwhile, you go home
to your warm fuckpad mansion.
It ain't right.
So you're gonna get
the power on in Crown Point.
You know how much red tape and--
Please stop!
I'll do it! I'll do it!
Please stop! Fuck!
-Please stop! Fuck!
-All right. All right.
Hey, hey. It's just your nose.
Fuckin' hell. Give me your tie.
Listen to me.
You got till sunup.
And I ain't someone's guy.
My name's Oswald Cobb.
Next time, you won't forget.
Get the fuck outta here.
Jesus! Come on.
You got more room
than you think.
Straight back.
Christ.
Donny Boy, glad you called.
What the fuck
you think you're doing
dumping your product
in my territory?
The fuck you talking about?
We had a deal.
You turned your back.
What do you expect?
Fuck you!
They murdered my boys.
-Put them on display...
-I ain't talkin' to you when--
I ain't talkin' to you
when you're like this.
Let's get together. We'll...
We'll figure it out
face-to-face.
-I know somewhere.
-Don't fuck with the Sullivans.
I'm gonna text you the address.
Yo, Victor.
Freezin' my fuckin' dick off
out here.
Where your people at?
Right. So that's actually...
what I wanted
to talk to you about.
Look, man, I tried.
Okay? They're just not...
They're not looking
for... more guys right now.
But... Look.
I know this is
your neighborhood, right?
They know that, respect that,
respect you, so...
Yeah.
And look, man,
I can get you more next week.
And-and...
as soon as something opens up,
you know?
We just gotta...
pump the brakes
and-and-and take things slow.
But you can get me more
next week?
-Right, yeah.
-'Cause I'm already running low.
Shit's crazy. It's going fast.
What, you think you big, Victor?
Think you can pay me off? Huh?
You just a kid from the Bricks
who can't even steal some rims
thinkin' he's big-time tough guy
'cause he's working
with Oz what's-his-fuck.
Yeah, the Wizard of fuckin' Oz.
Nobody sees this guy,
but he's out here
pullin' all these strings.
The word on the street is
he's running that new drug,
Bliss,
and a bunch of heavy-hitters
are lookin' for him.
Maybe I should help them out,
make some real money.
Or you take me to your boss.
So what's it gonna be, Victor?
Squid,
Oz...
he'll kill you.
Yeah? Take me
to that motherfucker right now.
-You think I'm playing with you?
-All right. Okay.
All right. Yeah. Okay.
Yo, lead the way.
We're this way.
See? You a man now, Victor.
Don't gotta make it
so hard on yourself.
Look, Squid, he's...
he's not even gonna be-be back
for another few hours.
That's good with me. I'll wait.
Okay, we're underground.
Underground?
Shit, you diggin' holes
or something?
Oh. Fuck.
Oh, my God.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Why'd you make me do that?
You fuck!
Hey.
What? Didn't recognize me?
You don't seem surprised
to see me.
I told Roxy to send you up.
Save us both a headache.
Easy money, too.
Drink?
Where is he?
He'd never tell someone like me
something like that.
You know Oz as well as I do.
Dressing like this...
is this for you or your clients?
Depends on the situation.
Oz ever seen
this version of you?
Couple of times.
He doesn't like it.
What does he like?
He's not that complicated.
So...
he's...
the best you've ever had.
What else?
He's...
destined for greatness.
I used to lie to men like that.
But you don't have to anymore.
You have the power now.
You are good at telling people
what they wanna hear.
You have a drawer at his place.
You mean something to him.
He won't come for me,
if that's your plan.
Not that kind of relationship.
Okay.
What is it then?
He pays you, I presume, so...
can't be love.
Must be nice.
You were born into opportunity,
honey,
so you can afford
to think in black and white.
What I got with Oz,
it ain't just one thing.
I know what he is...
a liar, narcissist...
killer.
But we all got our shit,
don't we?
I mean, you certainly got yours.
Nancy Hoffman...
Yolanda Jones...
those women meant nothing
to you.
They were family to me.
You still think I'm the Hangman?
He never told you?
My father killed those women.
Killed my mother.
Oz knew.
He has always known.
Well, he helped cover it up
so that my father
could keep on killing women.
He used me.
He let me rot in Arkham,
so he could move up.
Kept you in the dark
about all that, huh?
Well, I guess if he hadn't,
you'd have asked questions
about him.
How he knows?
Why he would work for a man
that murdered your friends?
Oz would never risk that.
It's better for him...
isn't it, if you fear me?
He said he felt bad for you,
that you were sick.
If that were true, you would've
been dead at the door.
But you did come here
to kill me, right?
I mean, after all
is said and done?
You were his alibi.
You knew.
Not at first.
But yeah.
So, when you're done here,
just leave my girls alone, okay?
That's why you asked me here?
To save them.
From the Hangman.
But that's not
who you are, right?
Your people protected you.
They wouldn't give you up.
Cuts both ways.
They got my back.
I got theirs.
Well, whatever I was born into,
I'll never have that.
Crown Point.
By the Zoo.
You deserve your shot.
But where you got
that information...
It'll stay between us.
Careful, fellas.
Don't want this spillin'.
It'll ruin the surprise.
Nick, you're driving.
Bruno, I need you to hang back,
make sure
everything runs smoothly here.
Whatever happens tonight,
fellas,
we gotta be ready.
Vic, where you been?
Phone's been blowing up nonstop.
Motherfuckers are pissed,
but they wanna meet.
This is it.
You good?
What's up with you?
Something with that guy?
You get away clean?
I think so, yeah.
Don't look down. Meet me here.
You done the right thing.
Protected those you care about.
You're strong, kid.
It gets easier.
I want you home tonight.
Dump those clothes.
All right? Clean yourself up.
Get something to eat and rest,
all right?
Or you're gonna be
a puddle of water tomorrow.
I'm gonna need you. You hear me?
Yeah?
All right.
Well, well, well...
Late to my own party.
It's not a good look, I know.
I got a little surprise
for you here.
What I'm bringing you tonight
is big, bigger than Bliss.
It's gonna change the face
of the whole city forever.
And... it's my gift
to all of ya.
This a fuckin' joke?
Relax, Able.
Have a fuckin' beer. Jesus.
You vouched for this man?
That's right, Zhao, he did.
And you're gonna thank him
for it.
Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome to the Gold Summit.
You'll be proud
to say you were here tonight,
all of you...
even though I know you hate
each other's friggin' guts.
The shit between the Massive
and Odessa is legendary.
LoBoys, you gotta scrap
with everyone
just to get a bit of respect.
Got the Triads.
Sullivans, oldest crew in town.
But the most hated
here among us...
is yours truly,
and not for nothin'.
I got three of my guys strung up
'cause of you.
No, not 'cause of me.
They're dead
because the Maronis and Gigantes
got the power to take you out.
You want revenge?
What the fuck is stoppin' ya?
They're right over there...
across the Elliot Bridge.
A bridge that was built
by your ancestors, Donny Boy,
but it ain't named Sullivan.
Huh?
No, it's named
for the rich crooks
who took credit
for your family's hard work.
They run shit. We eat shit.
The sad thing, Donny Boy, is
they don't even know
your fuckin' name!
They don't know none of youse.
But I do.
Sal... Give me a fuckin' break.
You know Sal bitches and moans
about Carmine stealin'
his Drops business?
What do you think him and Sofia
are gonna do to you, huh?
They'll take your shit,
your territories.
That's what's comin'.
'Cause you mean nothin' to 'em.
They don't give a fuck
about any of you all.
You know,
not even a mile from here,
there's a bunch of big-time,
City Hall fucks.
They're sittin'
in some fancy private club.
They're drinkin' orange wine.
They're makin' crooked deals
to benefit them.
And guess what? They can't
fuckin' stand each other either,
just like you.
But they're breakin' bread
because they know
that each of them on their own,
they ain't got nothin',
but together,
those soft-bellied pricks,
they run
this whole fuckin' city.
Why the hell not us?
Now, I'm bringing you Bliss.
Yeah, sure,
that gives us the extra leg.
But the real power comes
if we've got each other's backs.
Then Sal, Sofia, the old guard,
they won't be able
to fuckin' touch us.
This man's a fool.
He betrays everyone
he works with.
Sofia Gigante,
Alberto Falcone.
There's no code, no class.
The Penguin is
a bargain-basement hustler.
He'll do anything, say anything,
and everyone here knows it.
Do they, Zhao?
'Cause here's what I know.
Between us, we got
more territory, more manpower
than this city's ever seen.
You wanna blow that away?
Shit, go ahead.
But I do got a fuckin' code!
And I'm puttin' my goddamn life
on the line to share it with ya.
If we come together
right here, right now,
they're gonna talk
about this night...
the time that we decided
that it's better to work
with the ones we hate
than live under those
that don't even know
our fuckin' names!
Nick, give me a beer.
Look, everything you heard
about me...
is true, you know?
I stole Sofia's product. I...
I popped Alberto Falcone.
I did it all.
So fuckin' what?
I hustle.
You know, I...
do what it takes.
'Cause at the end of the day,
you know...
I'm just a poor kid
from the Eastside
who's got something
to fuckin' prove.
Like all of ya.
To taking back Gotham!
Oswald! Oswald!
What's happening?
What's going on?
Hey, Francis,
the... power's back on.
-Hold on.
-What time is it?
-How do I--
-No, no, no, no. Leave it on.
I love this song.
Whoa.
Dance with me, Benny.
You remember.
Don't be shy, sweetheart.
Come here.
You're my biscuit.
Yeah. Yeah.
One, two. One, two. One, two.
One, two. One, two.
He did it.
Oz got the power back on.
Oswald did this?
For you.
He did it for you.
Oswald.
My boy! You did it!
My boy!
Oswald!